Add openclip docs (#1131)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/open_clip.md

> # Using OpenCLIP at Hugging Face

Reviewer: I would also add to https://moon-ci-docs.huggingface.co/docs/hub/pr_1131/en/models-libraries

> [OpenCLIP](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip) is the open-source library built to reproduce OpenAI's CLIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenCLIP](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip) is an open-source implementation of OpenAI's CLIP.
```

## Exploring OpenCLIP on the Hub

You can find OpenCLIP models by filtering at the left of the [models page](https://huggingface.co/models?library=open_clip&sort=trending).

> OpenCLIP models hosted on the Hub have a model card with useful information about the models. Thanks to OpenCLIP Hugging Face Hub integration, you can load OpenCLIP models with few lines of code from the Hub. You can also launch these models using [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenCLIP models hosted on the Hub have a model card with useful information about the models. Thanks to OpenCLIP Hugging Face Hub integration, you can load OpenCLIP models with a few lines of code. You can also deploy these models using [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints).
```

## Installation

To get started, you can follow the [OpenCLIP installation guide](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip#usage).
You can also use the following one-line install through pip:

```
$ pip install open_clip_torch
```

## Using existing models

All OpenCLIP models can easily be loaded from the Hub:

```py
import open_clip

> model, preprocess_train, preprocess_val = open_clip.create_model_and_transforms('hf-hub:laion/CLIP-ViT-g-14-laion2B-s12B-b42K')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model, preprocess = open_clip.create_model_from_pretrained('hf-hub:laion/CLIP-ViT-g-14-laion2B-s12B-b42K')
```

tokenizer = open_clip.get_tokenizer('hf-hub:laion/CLIP-ViT-g-14-laion2B-s12B-b42K')
```

> Once loaded, you can encode the image and text to do zero-shot classification:

Reviewer: Maybe link to the zero-shot image classification task page here

Author: Addressed this.

```py
import torch
from PIL import Image

url = 'http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg'
image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

> image = preprocess_train(image).unsqueeze(0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image = preprocess(image).unsqueeze(0)
```

text = tokenizer(["a diagram", "a dog", "a cat"])

with torch.no_grad(), torch.cuda.amp.autocast():
    image_features = model.encode_image(image)
    text_features = model.encode_text(text)
    image_features /= image_features.norm(dim=-1, keepdim=True)
    text_features /= text_features.norm(dim=-1, keepdim=True)

    text_probs = (100.0 * image_features @ text_features.T).softmax(dim=-1)

print("Label probs:", text_probs) 
```

> It outputs the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It outputs the probability of each possible class:
```

```text
Label probs: tensor([[0.0020, 0.0034, 0.9946]])
```

If you want to load a specific OpenCLIP model, you can click `Use in OpenCLIP` in the model card and you will be given a working snippet!

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/openclip_repo_light.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/openclip_repo.png"/>
</div>
<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/openclip_snippet_light.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/openclip_snippet.png"/>
</div>

## Additional resources

* OpenCLIP [repository](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip)

> * OpenCLIP [docs](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip/tree/main/docs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* OpenCLIP [docs](https://github.com/mlfoundations/open_clip/tree/main/docs)
* OpenCLIP [models in the Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?library=open_clip&sort=trending)
```
